[Workers] Add Wrangler docs for conditional exports (#7424)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/bundling.md

Cloudflare Workers does not support `WebAssembly.instantiateStreaming()`.
{{</Aside>}}

## Conditional exports

> Wrangler respects the [conditional `exports` field](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#conditional-exports) in `package.json`.
> This allows developers to implement isomorphic libraries that have different implementations depending on the JavaScript runtime they're running in.
> When bundling, Wrangler will try to load the [`workerd` key](https://runtime-keys.proposal.wintercg.org/#workerd).
> See the Wrangler repository for [an example isomorphic package](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler2/tree/aab1c48c6ac4f65de9430f46e8bd3dd92d688e36/fixtures/isomorphic-random-example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wrangler respects the [conditional `exports` field](https://nodejs.org/api/packages.html#conditional-exports) in `package.json`. This allows developers to implement isomorphic libraries that have different implementations depending on the JavaScript runtime they are running in. When bundling, Wrangler will try to load the [`workerd` key](https://runtime-keys.proposal.wintercg.org/#workerd). Refer to the Wrangler repository for [an example isomorphic package](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler2/tree/aab1c48c6ac4f65de9430f46e8bd3dd92d688e36/fixtures/isomorphic-random-example).
```
